README.md, before:

The Open Step Library (StepLib)
=======

The StepLib website is available at [http://www.steplib.com/](http://www.steplib.com/) and the website repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/steplib/website).

If you can't find a suitable Step in the library then you can either add your own (you can find more information about how you can submit your own step in the */docs* folder) or if you don't have the time to create one by yourself you can propose one by creating a [new issue](https://github.com/steplib/steplib/issues) with the *[proposal]* prefix.


# V1 roadmap

* step variations (Xcode build - common code, pre-configured variations)
* read-only inputs, default input values
  * step's responsibility or workflow/step-host-service's?
* Steplib: Data encryption policy/guideline
* Steplib: open(source) policy - why only public github repos are accepted at the moment
* clean up existing/initial steps: do not depend on Bitrise's VM setup
* CLI
* minimal descriptions (StepLib website pages):
  * what is a step (intro and link to docs)
  * how to install the cli and run your first workflow - check vagrant!
* Step Icon URL

Commit message:

annotated step repo templates: read me and license & why license is important

README.md, after:

The Open Step Library (StepLib)
=======

The StepLib website is available at [http://www.steplib.com/](http://www.steplib.com/) and the website repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/steplib/website).

If you can't find a suitable Step in the library then you can either add your own (you can find more information about how you can submit your own step in the */docs* folder) or if you don't have the time to create one by yourself you can propose one by creating a [new issue](https://github.com/steplib/steplib/issues) with the *[proposal]* prefix.

You can find **annotated templates** in the */templates* folder. The */templates/step* folder contains everything what's required for a valid step repository.


# V1 roadmap

* step variations (Xcode build - common code, pre-configured variations)
* read-only inputs, default input values
  * step's responsibility or workflow/step-host-service's?
* Steplib: Data encryption policy/guideline
* Steplib: open(source) policy - why only public github repos are accepted at the moment
* clean up existing/initial steps: do not depend on Bitrise's VM setup
* CLI
* minimal descriptions (StepLib website pages):
  * what is a step (intro and link to docs)
  * how to install the cli and run your first workflow - check vagrant!
* Step Icon URL
